well I do they don't have the people
it's both again tonight we have a very
very special guest with us here we have
times Person of the Year
the young activist upstart who's been
running all over the world warning us of
the dangers of climate change we have
Greta tomb Berk here in the studio with
us now normally I don't do adversarial
interviews but given that she is such a
controversial figure tonight's
conversation is going to be a little bit
more confrontational and we're going to
start off with one of those tough
questions
Greta there's a whole lot of people who
would say that you really just don't
have the life experience to be running
around the world telling your elders how
to live what do you have to say to that
nothing okay I got your tongue it's got
millennial kryptonite is Gen Z
millennial whatever why don't you just
chill out go watch an old fashioned
movie or something got millennial
kryptonite over here never seen one of
these before
that's no you know how it works can't
work a can opener telling us how to run
the world
come on take it no just go sit there and
stare at me okay what about this ever
seen one of these you rate the ribbon on
this you know how it works it's by this
little letter pop up on paper instead of
your tablet change film in this camera
oh can you do that my question to you is
how are we supposed to trust your
opinion on how younger generations feels
when you can even more basic technology
that's not Greta for the last time that
is a leftover Halloween decoration
that's embarrassing
this war they said she's coming back I
don't have my glasses um
without my glasses I really can't change
the film at this can you can you do that
for me why don't you just use your phone
I can't get past a little
connect-the-dots office okay boomer
Greta you have amassed quite a
collection of detractors heads of state
grown men bullying a teenager on the
Internet
it's fantastic they include Vladimir
Putin President Donald Trump that
fascist from Brazil you know it's said
that you're judged by your enemies as
much as your friends I would say you're
a pretty good standing right now so as
an older millennial I would suggest you
don't chill out we're in this problem
right now because a lot of us that's
what we did we didn't do anything
we just chill down so what I would
suggest is not that you go watch an
old-fashioned movie you keep watching
documentaries you be better than us you
well be best anyway it's just a thought
I have a good knife